  To me, the biggest revelation to learning coding and computing does not really have to do with learning how to look at things around me in a more methodical way (though that is a big advantage). Instead, the biggest gift coding has given me is a demystification of how computers work. Even though I am still very much a beginner when it comes to coding, I feel that I am already able to start reaching out to many things that were unreachable before. The fact that there are large communities out there that have asked and solved many problems out there related to coding, means that there is a lot I can learn to do simply via the internet. Computers are incredibly useful because they are able to streamline interactions and computations that would otherwise be too complicated, and to feel that this possibility is now at my reach is incredibly empowering. I feel like these are skills I should have obtained a long time ago.
  
  The way computation streamlines interactions is what feels most impactful to me. As an actor, there is a certain training that you go through in order to react promptly to impulses around you. This allows actors to react to impulses and maybe give audience members a sense that their actions are meaningful. However, doing this in a way that is selfless is extremely complicated using only humans. Humans are slow when it comes to making logical decisions, and so actors will often make impulsive decisions – and they are great! But people need more taking care of than impulsive decisions can provide. And that is where computing can help.
  
  Since computers are able to perfectly carry out many logical operations very, very fast, computers can streamline interactions with other people. When people do things, other people would not have to remember exactly what the interactor did before or what the outcomes should be according to each interaction. This makes for free-flowing, exciting interaction, but it is also unsafe… It is difficult to plan and we cannot curate what will happen during the interaction. But computers can remember certain discrete things much more efficiently than humans. Thus, learning computation can help us harness this power – power that can actually help communication with others be more effective and streamlined.
